AEGS_Javelin
hardpoint_seat_pilot                              S0                                                     AEGS_Javelin_SCItem_Seat_Pilot                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seataccess_pilot                        S0                                                     AEGS_Javelin_SeatAccess_Pilot                                    UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_dashboard_pilot                         S0                                                     AEGS_Javelin_SCItem_Dashboard_Pilot                              UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_copilot                            S0                                                     AEGS_Javelin_SCItem_Seat_CoPilot                                 DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seataccess_copilot                      S0                                                     AEGS_Javelin_SeatAccess_CoPilot                                  DISABLED                                
hardpoint_dashboard_copilot                       S0                                                     AEGS_Javelin_SCItem_Dashboard_CoPilot                            DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seat_captain                            S0                                                     AEGS_Javelin_SCItem_Seat_Captain                                 DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seataccess_captain                      S0                                                     AEGS_Javelin_SeatAccess_Captain                                  DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seataccess_dashboard_captain            S0                                                     AEGS_Javelin_SeatAccess_Dashboard_Captain                        DISABLED                                
hardpoint_dashboard_captain                       S0                                                     AEGS_Javelin_SCItem_Seat_Captain_Console                         DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seat_mid_left                           S0                                                     AEGS_Javelin_SCItem_Seat_Bridge_Left                             DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seataccess_mid_left                     S0                                                     AEGS_Javelin_SeatAccess_Mid_Left                                 DISABLED                                
hardpoint_dashboard_mid_left                      S0                                                     AEGS_Javelin_SCItem_Dashboard_Bridge_Left                        DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seat_rear_left                          S0                                                     AEGS_Javelin_SCItem_Seat_Bridge_Left_RemoteTurret                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seataccess_rear_left                    S0                                                     AEGS_Javelin_SeatAccess_Rear_Left                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_dashboard_rear_left                     S0                                                     AEGS_Javelin_SCItem_Dashboard_Bridge_Left_Remote_Large_Turret    UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seat_mid_right                          S0                                                     AEGS_Javelin_SCItem_Seat_Bridge_Right                            DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seataccess_mid_right                    S0                                                     AEGS_Javelin_SeatAccess_Mid_Right                                DISABLED                                
hardpoint_dashboard_mid_right                     S0                                                     AEGS_Javelin_SCItem_Dashboard_Bridge_Right                       DISABLED                                
hardpoint_seat_rear_right                         S0                                                     AEGS_Javelin_SCItem_Seat_Bridge_Right_RemoteTurret               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_seataccess_rear_right                   S0                                                     AEGS_Javelin_SeatAccess_Rear_Right                               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_dashboard_rear_right                    S0                                                     AEGS_Javelin_SCItem_Dashboard_Bridge_Right_Remote_Large_Turret   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_hangar_door                             S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_Ship_Exterior_Javelin_Hangar                                Doors                                   
hardpoint_escpod_door_01                          S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_Ship_Exterior_Javelin_EscapePod_Bridge                      Doors                                   
hardpoint_escpod_door_02                          S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_Ship_Exterior_Javelin_EscapePod_02                          Doors                                   
hardpoint_escpod_door_03                          S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_Ship_Exterior_Javelin_EscapePod_03                          Doors                                   
hardpoint_escpod_door_04                          S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_Ship_Exterior_Javelin_EscapePod_04                          Doors                                   
hardpoint_escpod_door_05                          S1   Door.UNDEFINED                                    Door_Ship_Exterior_Javelin_EscapePod_05                          Doors                                   
hardpoint_cockpit_radar                           S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                
hardpoint_selfdestruct                            S1   SelfDestruct.UNDEFINED                            VHCL_SelfDestruct_120s                                           Self destruct                           
hardpoint_controller_flight                       S0                                                     Controller_Flight_AEGS_Javelin                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_energy                       S0                                                     Controller_Energy                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_cooler                       S0                                                     Controller_Cooler                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_shield                       S0                                                     Controller_Shield_AEGS_Javelin                                   UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_weapon                       S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_door                         S0                                                     Controller_Door                                                  UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_light                        S0                                                     Controller_Light                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_controller_comms                        S0                                                     Controller_Comms                                                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar                                   S0                                                     RADR_Default                                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_turret_flu_radar                        S1                                                     RADR_GRNP_S01_Ecouter                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_turret_clu_radar                        S1                                                     RADR_GRNP_S01_Ecouter                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_turret_rlu_radar                        S1                                                     RADR_GRNP_S01_Ecouter                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_turret_fru_radar                        S1                                                     RADR_GRNP_S01_Ecouter                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_turret_cru_radar                        S1                                                     RADR_GRNP_S01_Ecouter                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_turret_rru_radar                        S1                                                     RADR_GRNP_S01_Ecouter                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_turret_nlu_radar                        S1                                                     RADR_GRNP_S01_Ecouter                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_turret_nru_radar                        S1                                                     RADR_GRNP_S01_Ecouter                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_powerplant_01                           S4   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_AEGS_S04_Idris_SCItem                                       Power plants                            
hardpoint_powerplant_02                           S4   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_AEGS_S04_Idris_SCItem                                       Power plants                            
hardpoint_powerplant_03                           S4   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_AEGS_S04_Idris_SCItem                                       Power plants                            
hardpoint_powerplant_04                           S4   PowerPlant.Power                                  POWR_AEGS_S04_Idris_SCItem                                       Power plants                            
hardpoint_fuel_tank_01                            S4   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_AEGS_Javelin                                                Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_tank_02                            S4   FuelTank.Fuel                                     HTNK_AEGS_Javelin                                                Fuel tanks                              
hardpoint_fuel_intake_left                        S4   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_AEGS_Javelin                                                Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_fuel_intake_right                       S4   FuelIntake.Fuel                                   INTK_AEGS_Javelin                                                Fuel intakes                            
hardpoint_cooler_right_03                         S4   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_AEGS_S04_Javelin_SCItem                                     Coolers                                 
hardpoint_cooler_right_04                         S4   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_AEGS_S04_Javelin_SCItem                                     Coolers                                 
hardpoint_cooler_right_05                         S4   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_AEGS_S04_Javelin_SCItem                                     Coolers                                 
hardpoint_cooler_right_06                         S4   Cooler.UNDEFINED                                  COOL_AEGS_S04_Javelin_SCItem                                     Coolers                                 
hardpoint_quantum_drive                           S4   QuantumDrive.UNDEFINED                            QDRV_AEGS_S04_Javelin_SCItem                                     UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_quantum_fuel_tank                       S2   QuantumFuelTank.QuantumFuel                       QTNK_AEGS_Javelin                                                Quantum fuel tanks                      
hardpoint_armour                                  S4   Armor.Medium                                      ARMR_AEGS_Javelin                                                Armor                                   
hardpoint_shield_generator_01                     S4   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_GODI_S04_Javelin_SCItem                                     Shield generators                       
hardpoint_shield_generator_02                     S4   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_GODI_S04_Javelin_SCItem                                     Shield generators                       
hardpoint_shield_generator_03                     S4   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_GODI_S04_Javelin_SCItem                                     Shield generators                       
hardpoint_shield_generator_04                     S4   Shield.UNDEFINED                                  SHLD_GODI_S04_Javelin_SCItem                                     Shield generators                       
hardpoint_engine_left_upper                       S2   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        AEGS_Javelin_Thruster_Main_01                                    Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_engine_left_lower                       S2   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        AEGS_Javelin_Thruster_Main_01                                    Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_engine_right_upper                      S2   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        AEGS_Javelin_Thruster_Main_01                                    Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_engine_right_lower                      S2   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        AEGS_Javelin_Thruster_Main_01                                    Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_sup_engine_upp_far_right                S2   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        AEGS_Javelin_Thruster_Main_02                                    Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_sup_engine_upp_inner_right              S2   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        AEGS_Javelin_Thruster_Main_02                                    Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_sup_engine_low_far_right                S2   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        AEGS_Javelin_Thruster_Main_02                                    Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_sup_engine_low_inner_right              S2   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        AEGS_Javelin_Thruster_Main_02                                    Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_sup_engine_upp_far_left                 S2   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        AEGS_Javelin_Thruster_Main_02                                    Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_sup_engine_upp_inner_left               S2   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        AEGS_Javelin_Thruster_Main_02                                    Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_sup_engine_low_far_left                 S2   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        AEGS_Javelin_Thruster_Main_02                                    Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_sup_engine_low_inner_left               S2   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        AEGS_Javelin_Thruster_Main_02                                    Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_sup_engine_nose_left                    S2   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        AEGS_Javelin_Thruster_Main_02                                    Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_sup_engine_nose_right                   S2   MainThruster.FixedThruster                        AEGS_Javelin_Thruster_Main_02                                    Main thrusters                          
hardpoint_retro_left_upper                        S2   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   AEGS_Javelin_Thruster_Retro                                      Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_retro_left_lower                        S2   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   AEGS_Javelin_Thruster_Retro                                      Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_retro_right_upper                       S2   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   AEGS_Javelin_Thruster_Retro                                      Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_retro_right_lower                       S2   ManneuverThruster.FixedThruster                   AEGS_Javelin_Thruster_Retro                                      Retro thrusters                         
hardpoint_thruster_front_right_upper              S2   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Javelin_Thruster_Mav_Joint_02                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_right_lower              S2   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Javelin_Thruster_Mav_Joint_02                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_left_upper               S2   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Javelin_Thruster_Mav_Joint_02                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_front_left_lower               S2   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Javelin_Thruster_Mav_Joint_02                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_centre_front_right_lower       S2   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Javelin_Thruster_Mav_Joint_01                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_centre_front_right_upper       S2   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Javelin_Thruster_Mav_Joint_01                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_centre_front_left_lower        S2   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Javelin_Thruster_Mav_Joint_01                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_centre_front_left_upper        S2   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Javelin_Thruster_Mav_Joint_01                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_centre_rear_right_lower        S2   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Javelin_Thruster_Mav_Joint_01                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_centre_rear_right_upper        S2   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Javelin_Thruster_Mav_Joint_01                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_centre_rear_left_lower         S2   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Javelin_Thruster_Mav_Joint_01                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_centre_rear_left_upper         S2   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Javelin_Thruster_Mav_Joint_01                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_centre_right_lower             S2   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Javelin_Thruster_Mav_Joint_01                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_centre_right_upper             S2   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Javelin_Thruster_Mav_Joint_01                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_centre_left_lower              S2   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Javelin_Thruster_Mav_Joint_01                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_centre_left_upper              S2   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Javelin_Thruster_Mav_Joint_01                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_left_upper                S2   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Javelin_Thruster_Mav_Joint_02                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_left_lower                S2   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Javelin_Thruster_Mav_Joint_02                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_right_upper               S2   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Javelin_Thruster_Mav_Joint_02                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_thruster_rear_right_lower               S2   ManneuverThruster.JointThruster                   AEGS_Javelin_Thruster_Mav_Joint_02                               Maneuvering thrusters                   
hardpoint_turret_front_left_upper                 S5   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           AEGS_Javelin_Side_Turret                                         Manned turrets                          
 hardpoint_gimbal_left                            S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     APAR_BallisticGatling_S4                                         Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_gimbal_right                           S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     APAR_BallisticGatling_S4                                         Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_left                            S7   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_JavelinBallisticCannon_S7                                   Weapon hardpoints                       
  magazine_attach                                 S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_weapon_right                           S7   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_JavelinBallisticCannon_S7                                   Weapon hardpoints                       
  magazine_attach                                 S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_weapon_left                            S7   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_JavelinBallisticCannon_S7                                   Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_right                           S7   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_JavelinBallisticCannon_S7                                   Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_gimbal_left                            S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     APAR_BallisticGatling_S4                                         Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_gimbal_right                           S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     APAR_BallisticGatling_S4                                         Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_turret_front_left_upper_seataccess      S0                                                     AEGS_Javelin_SCItem_SeatAccess_Turret_Front_Left_Upper           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_turret_centre_left_upper                S5   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           AEGS_Javelin_Side_Turret                                         Manned turrets                          
 hardpoint_gimbal_left                            S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     APAR_BallisticGatling_S4                                         Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_gimbal_right                           S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     APAR_BallisticGatling_S4                                         Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_left                            S7   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_JavelinBallisticCannon_S7                                   Weapon hardpoints                       
  magazine_attach                                 S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_weapon_right                           S7   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_JavelinBallisticCannon_S7                                   Weapon hardpoints                       
  magazine_attach                                 S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_weapon_left                            S7   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_JavelinBallisticCannon_S7                                   Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_right                           S7   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_JavelinBallisticCannon_S7                                   Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_gimbal_left                            S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     APAR_BallisticGatling_S4                                         Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_gimbal_right                           S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     APAR_BallisticGatling_S4                                         Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_turret_centre_left_upper_seataccess     S0                                                     AEGS_Javelin_SCItem_SeatAccess_Turret_Centre_Left_Upper          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_turret_rear_left_upper                  S5   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           AEGS_Javelin_Side_Turret                                         Manned turrets                          
 hardpoint_gimbal_left                            S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     APAR_BallisticGatling_S4                                         Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_gimbal_right                           S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     APAR_BallisticGatling_S4                                         Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_left                            S7   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_JavelinBallisticCannon_S7                                   Weapon hardpoints                       
  magazine_attach                                 S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_weapon_right                           S7   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_JavelinBallisticCannon_S7                                   Weapon hardpoints                       
  magazine_attach                                 S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_weapon_left                            S7   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_JavelinBallisticCannon_S7                                   Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_right                           S7   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_JavelinBallisticCannon_S7                                   Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_gimbal_left                            S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     APAR_BallisticGatling_S4                                         Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_gimbal_right                           S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     APAR_BallisticGatling_S4                                         Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_turret_rear_left_upper_seataccess       S0                                                     AEGS_Javelin_SCItem_SeatAccess_Turret_Rear_Left_Upper            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_turret_front_right_upper                S5   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           AEGS_Javelin_Side_Turret                                         Manned turrets                          
 hardpoint_gimbal_left                            S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     APAR_BallisticGatling_S4                                         Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_gimbal_right                           S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     APAR_BallisticGatling_S4                                         Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_left                            S7   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_JavelinBallisticCannon_S7                                   Weapon hardpoints                       
  magazine_attach                                 S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_weapon_right                           S7   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_JavelinBallisticCannon_S7                                   Weapon hardpoints                       
  magazine_attach                                 S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_weapon_left                            S7   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_JavelinBallisticCannon_S7                                   Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_right                           S7   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_JavelinBallisticCannon_S7                                   Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_gimbal_left                            S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     APAR_BallisticGatling_S4                                         Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_gimbal_right                           S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     APAR_BallisticGatling_S4                                         Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_turret_front_right_upper_seataccess     S0                                                     AEGS_Javelin_SCItem_SeatAccess_Turret_Front_Right_Upper          UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_turret_centre_right_upper               S5   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           AEGS_Javelin_Side_Turret                                         Manned turrets                          
 hardpoint_gimbal_left                            S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     APAR_BallisticGatling_S4                                         Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_gimbal_right                           S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     APAR_BallisticGatling_S4                                         Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_left                            S7   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_JavelinBallisticCannon_S7                                   Weapon hardpoints                       
  magazine_attach                                 S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_weapon_right                           S7   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_JavelinBallisticCannon_S7                                   Weapon hardpoints                       
  magazine_attach                                 S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_weapon_left                            S7   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_JavelinBallisticCannon_S7                                   Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_right                           S7   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_JavelinBallisticCannon_S7                                   Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_gimbal_left                            S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     APAR_BallisticGatling_S4                                         Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_gimbal_right                           S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     APAR_BallisticGatling_S4                                         Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_turret_centre_right_upper_seataccess    S0                                                     AEGS_Javelin_SCItem_SeatAccess_Turret_Centre_Right_Upper         UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_turret_rear_right_upper                 S5   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           AEGS_Javelin_Side_Turret                                         Manned turrets                          
 hardpoint_gimbal_left                            S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     APAR_BallisticGatling_S4                                         Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_gimbal_right                           S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     APAR_BallisticGatling_S4                                         Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_left                            S7   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_JavelinBallisticCannon_S7                                   Weapon hardpoints                       
  magazine_attach                                 S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_weapon_right                           S7   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_JavelinBallisticCannon_S7                                   Weapon hardpoints                       
  magazine_attach                                 S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_weapon_left                            S7   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_JavelinBallisticCannon_S7                                   Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_right                           S7   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_JavelinBallisticCannon_S7                                   Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_gimbal_left                            S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     APAR_BallisticGatling_S4                                         Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_gimbal_right                           S4   WeaponGun.Gun                                     APAR_BallisticGatling_S4                                         Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_turret_rear_right_upper_seataccess      S0                                                     AEGS_Javelin_SCItem_SeatAccess_Turret_Rear_Right_Upper           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_turret_nose_left_upper                  S5   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           AEGS_Javelin_SCItem_Turret_Manned                                Manned turrets                          
 hardpoint_weapon_left                            S7   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S7                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
  magazine_attach                                 S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_weapon_right                           S7   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S7                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
  magazine_attach                                 S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_weapon_left                            S7   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S7                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_right                           S7   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S7                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_turret_nose_left_upper_seataccess       S0                                                     AEGS_Javelin_SCItem_SeatAccess_Turret_Nose_Left_Upper            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_turret_nose_right_upper                 S5   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           AEGS_Javelin_SCItem_Turret_Manned                                Manned turrets                          
 hardpoint_weapon_left                            S7   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S7                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
  magazine_attach                                 S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_weapon_right                           S7   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S7                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
  magazine_attach                                 S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_weapon_left                            S7   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S7                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_right                           S7   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S7                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_turret_nose_right_upper_seataccess      S0                                                     AEGS_Javelin_SCItem_SeatAccess_Turret_Nose_Right_Upper           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_turret_nose_left_lower                  S5   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           AEGS_Javelin_SCItem_Turret_Manned                                Manned turrets                          
 hardpoint_weapon_left                            S7   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S7                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
  magazine_attach                                 S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_weapon_right                           S7   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S7                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
  magazine_attach                                 S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_weapon_left                            S7   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S7                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_right                           S7   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S7                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_turret_nose_left_lower_seataccess       S0                                                     AEGS_Javelin_SCItem_SeatAccess_Turret_Nose_Left_Lower            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_turret_front_lower_seataccess           S0                                                     AEGS_Javelin_SCItem_SeatAccess_Turret_Front_Lower                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_turret_nose_right_lower                 S5   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           AEGS_Javelin_SCItem_Turret_Manned                                Manned turrets                          
 hardpoint_weapon_left                            S7   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S7                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
  magazine_attach                                 S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_weapon_right                           S7   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S7                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
  magazine_attach                                 S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_weapon_left                            S7   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S7                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_right                           S7   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S7                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_turret_nose_right_lower_seataccess      S0                                                     AEGS_Javelin_SCItem_SeatAccess_Turret_Nose_Right_Lower           UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_turret_front_lower                      S5   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           AEGS_Javelin_SCItem_Turret_Lower_Manned                          Manned turrets                          
 hardpoint_weapon_left                            S7   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S7                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
  magazine_attach                                 S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_weapon_right                           S7   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S7                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
  magazine_attach                                 S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_weapon_left                            S7   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S7                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_right                           S7   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S7                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_turret_centre_lower_seataccess          S0                                                     AEGS_Javelin_SCItem_SeatAccess_Turret_Centre_Lower               UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_turret_centre_lower                     S5   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           AEGS_Javelin_SCItem_Turret_Lower_Manned                          Manned turrets                          
 hardpoint_weapon_left                            S7   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S7                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
  magazine_attach                                 S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_weapon_right                           S7   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S7                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
  magazine_attach                                 S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_weapon_left                            S7   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S7                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_right                           S7   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S7                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_turret_rear_lower_seataccess            S0                                                     AEGS_Javelin_SCItem_SeatAccess_Turret_Rear_Lower                 UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_turret_rear_lower                       S5   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           AEGS_Javelin_SCItem_Turret_Lower_Manned                          Manned turrets                          
 hardpoint_weapon_left                            S7   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S7                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
  magazine_attach                                 S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_weapon_right                           S7   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S7                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
  magazine_attach                                 S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 hardpoint_weapon_left                            S7   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S7                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
 hardpoint_weapon_right                           S7   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S7                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
hardpoint_turret_tail_upper                       S8   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           AEGS_Javelin_SCItem_Turret_Large                                 Manned turrets                          
 turret_left                                      S9   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S9                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
  magazine_attach                                 S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 turret_right                                     S9                                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S9                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
  magazine_attach                                 S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 turret_left_top                                  S9                                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S9                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
  magazine_attach                                 S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 turret_right_top                                 S9                                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S9                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
  magazine_attach                                 S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_turret_tail_lower                       S8   TurretBase.MannedTurret                           AEGS_Javelin_SCItem_Turret_Large                                 Manned turrets                          
 turret_left                                      S9   WeaponGun.Gun                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S9                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
  magazine_attach                                 S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 turret_right                                     S9                                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S9                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
  magazine_attach                                 S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 turret_left_top                                  S9                                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S9                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
  magazine_attach                                 S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
 turret_right_top                                 S9                                                     BEHR_LaserCannon_S9                                              Weapon hardpoints                       
  magazine_attach                                 S0                                                                                                                      UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_cargogrid_00                            S1   Cargo.UNDEFINED                                   AEGS_Javelin_CargoGrid_XL                                        Cargo grids                             
hardpoint_cargogrid_01                            S1   Cargo.UNDEFINED                                   AEGS_Javelin_CargoGrid_S                                         Cargo grids                             
hardpoint_cargogrid_02                            S1   Cargo.UNDEFINED                                   AEGS_Javelin_CargoGrid_S                                         Cargo grids                             
hardpoint_cargogrid_03                            S1   Cargo.UNDEFINED                                   AEGS_Javelin_CargoGrid_S                                         Cargo grids                             
hardpoint_cargogrid_04                            S1   Cargo.UNDEFINED                                   AEGS_Javelin_CargoGrid_S                                         Cargo grids                             
hardpoint_cargogrid_05                            S1   Cargo.UNDEFINED                                   AEGS_Javelin_CargoGrid                                           Cargo grids                             
hardpoint_cargogrid_06                            S1   Cargo.UNDEFINED                                   AEGS_Javelin_CargoGrid                                           Cargo grids                             
hardpoint_cargogrid_07                            S1   Cargo.UNDEFINED                                   AEGS_Javelin_CargoGrid                                           Cargo grids                             
hardpoint_cargogrid_08                            S1   Cargo.UNDEFINED                                   AEGS_Javelin_CargoGrid                                           Cargo grids                             
hardpoint_cargogrid_09                            S1   Cargo.UNDEFINED                                   AEGS_Javelin_CargoGrid                                           Cargo grids                             
hardpoint_cargogrid_10                            S1   Cargo.UNDEFINED                                   AEGS_Javelin_CargoGrid                                           Cargo grids                             
hardpoint_cargogrid_11                            S1   Cargo.UNDEFINED                                   AEGS_Javelin_CargoGrid                                           Cargo grids                             
hardpoint_cargogrid_12                            S1   Cargo.UNDEFINED                                   AEGS_Javelin_CargoGrid                                           Cargo grids                             
hardpoint_cargogrid_13                            S1   Cargo.UNDEFINED                                   AEGS_Javelin_CargoGrid_M                                         Cargo grids                             
hardpoint_cargogrid_hangar_01                     S1   Cargo.UNDEFINED                                   AEGS_Javelin_CargoGrid_Hangar                                    Cargo grids                             
hardpoint_cargogrid_hangar_02                     S1   Cargo.UNDEFINED                                   AEGS_Javelin_CargoGrid_Hangar                                    Cargo grids                             
hardpoint_cargogrid_hangar_aux                    S1   Cargo.UNDEFINED                                   AEGS_Javelin_CargoGrid_Hangar_Aux                                Cargo grids                             
hardpoint_turret_nrl_radar                        S1                                                     RADR_GRNP_S01_Ecouter                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_turret_nll_radar                        S1                                                     RADR_GRNP_S01_Ecouter                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_turret_flc_radar                        S1                                                     RADR_GRNP_S01_Ecouter                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_turret_clc_radar                        S1                                                     RADR_GRNP_S01_Ecouter                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_turret_rlc_radar                        S1                                                     RADR_GRNP_S01_Ecouter                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_turret_remote_turret_top_controller     S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_turret_remote_turret_bottom_controller  S0                                                     Controller_Weapon                                                UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar_turret_tail_upper                 S1                                                     RADR_GRNP_S01_Ecouter                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_radar_turret_tail_lower                 S1                                                     RADR_GRNP_S01_Ecouter                                            UNKNOWN                                 
hardpoint_torpedo_launcher_left                   S12  MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S12_AEGS_Javelin                                            Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S12  Missile.Missile, Missile.Torpedo                  MISL_S09_CS_TALN_Argos                                           Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S9                                                     MISL_S09_CS_TALN_Argos                                           DISABLED                                
hardpoint_torpedo_launcher_right                  S12  MissileLauncher.MissileRack                       MRCK_S12_AEGS_Javelin                                            Missile racks                           
 missile_01_attach                                S12  Missile.Missile, Missile.Torpedo                  MISL_S09_CS_TALN_Argos                                           Missiles                                
 missile_01_attach                                S9                                                     MISL_S09_CS_TALN_Argos                                           DISABLED                                
hardpoint_countermeasures_left                    S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            AEGS_Javelin_CML_Decoy                                           Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasures_left_02                 S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            AEGS_Javelin_CML_Decoy                                           Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasures_left_03                 S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            AEGS_Javelin_CML_Decoy                                           Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasures_left_04                 S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            AEGS_Javelin_CML_Decoy                                           Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasures_right                   S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            AEGS_Javelin_CML_Decoy                                           Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasures_right_02                S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            AEGS_Javelin_CML_Decoy                                           Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasures_right_03                S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            AEGS_Javelin_CML_Decoy                                           Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_countermeasures_right_04                S1   WeaponDefensive.CountermeasureLauncher            AEGS_Javelin_CML_Decoy                                           Countermeasures                         
hardpoint_controller_missile                      S0                                                                                                                      DISABLED                                

